fix(nextjs): Improve explanation of webpack plugin function (#5816)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup.mdx

## Configure Source Maps

> By default, `withSentryConfig` will add an instance of `SentryWebpackPlugin` to the webpack plugins, for both server and client builds. This means that when you run a production build (`next build`), the `release` value in `Sentry.init()` will be set automatically, and sourcemaps will be generated and automatically uploaded to Sentry, so that your stacktraces can be demangled. (This behavior is disabled when running the dev server (`next dev`), because otherwise the full upload process would reoccur on each file change.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `withSentryConfig` will add an instance of `SentryWebpackPlugin` to the webpack plugins, for both server and client builds. This means, that when you run a production build (`next build`), the `release` value in `Sentry.init()` will be set automatically. Source maps will then be generated and automatically uploaded to Sentry, so that your stacktraces can be demangled. (This behavior is disabled when running the dev server (`next dev`), to prevent the full upload process from reoccurring on each file change.)
```

To configure the plugin, pass a `sentryWebpackPluginOptions` argument to `withSentryConfig`, as seen in the example above. All available options are documented [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin#options).

### Disable `SentryWebpackPlugin`

> If you want or need to handle source map generation and uploading separately, the plugin can be disabled for either the server or client build process. To do this, add a `sentry` object to `moduleExports` above, and set the relevant options there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to handle source map generation and uploading separately, the plugin can be disabled for either the server or client build process. To do this, add a `sentry` object to `moduleExports` above, and set the relevant options there:
```

};
```

> Note that this means you'll also have to explicitly set a `release` value in your `Sentry.init()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you'll also have to explicitly set a `release` value in your `Sentry.init()`.
```
